DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
Bakugan Battle Brawlers - A Perfect Match!
Hey, Julie!
I am gonna clean the floor with you today
and you wanna know why...?
Because me and my Bakugan are a precision team!
and we're in the top 20 of the World Ranking
Bakugan players!
Yeaaah!
Woooooowww! Cool.
Is that really true Billy?
You bet your Baku-pod...
Am I right Cycloid or what?
Oh yeah...
You said it!
Together, you and me are unstoppable!
So you might as well go run home to your MAMA!
What? How dare you!
I'm not goin' anywhere!
I can't believe you've actually got
a talking Bakugan!
Where did you find him?
Yep...
We're a perfect match...
So I hate to say it Julie...
...but you're toast.
That's it !
Let's Brawl!
Field... Open!
Bakugan Brawl!
Okay, Bak-u-babe !
Why don't you show me what you've got?
What did you just call me?!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Rattleoid... Stand!
Try that on for size!
Pretty impressive...
Bakugan Brawl!
Hyenoid... Stand!
Do it!
Ability Card Activate!
Poison Fang!
Hey, wait!
BAKU-POD: 50 Gs transferred from Hyenoid to Rattleoid.
Sorry...
I know we've been friends a long time Billy,
but I need to teach you a lesson!
Ha...
That was just a warm up.
Gate Card Open Now!
Friend or no friend...
BAKU-POD: Hyenoid's power level doubled to 520 Gs.
You're goin' down !
This doesn't look too good...
Go! Hyenoid!
Take him out!
BILLY: Ha!
You sure showed me ...
nice one!
Humph!
That was only my warm up, smart guy!
Bakugan Brawl!
Tuskor... Stand!
BAKU-POD: Tuskor's power level...
350 Gs.
Ha...
Bakugan Brawl!
Hyenoid Stand!
And now...
Ability Card Activate!
Whirlwind!
Check that out!
Your Tuskor doesn't know which way to turn!
[laughs]
BAKU-POD: Hyenoid's power level...
decreasing... decreasing... decreasing.
Hyenoid... what's the matter?
What's going on?
BAKU-POD: Hyenoid's power being decreased
due to \"Poison Fang\"
Character Card still in effect.
No way !
It'll continue to decrease as long as he keeps battling .
BAKU-POD: Hyenoid's power level still decreasing...
Now! Tuskor!
Aw man!
Now...
Gate Card Set!
Bakugan... Brawl!
This is it...
I'm depending on you Cycloid!
No problemo coach - just put me in!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Cycloid Stand!
BAKU-POD: Cycloid's power level 370 Gs.
Gate Card Open Now!
Triple Battle!
\"Triple Battle\" allows the battle to start
when the third Bakugan is on the Field Card.
No more Mr. Nice Guy...
Ability Card Activate!
Smackdown!
Oh, no!
My gate card!
Give him a \"love tap\", Cycloid!
Booyaaaa!
That's how you Brawl, Bak-u-babe !
Ya better go home -
I think I hear your momma callin'...
I'm not goin' anywhere !
I'll show you - Bakugan Brawl!
Manion Stand!
Ability Card Activate!
Earth Power!
BAKU-POD: Manion's power level... 350 Gs.
Oooh... scary.
Bakugan... Brawl!
Cycloid Stand!
I'mmm baaaack...
And I'm feelin' nasty !
Gate Card Open Now!
Character!
So whaddya got for me?
This... Ability Card Activate!
Smackdown!
JULIE: Oh, no... not this again!
Okay Cycloid, do your thing!
Anybody need a hand ?
BAKU-POD: Manion defeated.
I don't believe it!
He beat me.
I lost!
Allright, we did it, Cycloid!
I'm tellin' ya, you are the man !
No, you're the man!
Did you see how the two of us worked together?
The very moment I found him deep in the heart
of Bakugan Valley...
I knew we were meant to be together.
In Bakugan Valley?
You betcha!
In a remote corner...
In the deepest cavern...
There he was, just waiting for his destiny...
And then we took you down!
You were lucky!
I don't need a \"perfect match\" anyways!
and next time I'll take the two of you down!
Anytime Bak-u-babe, anytime...
JULIE: I can't stand him!
I lost a Bakugan battle today
to my childhood friend, Billy!
Oh no - that's the real loudmouth guy isn't it?
Yeah...
Aw, that bites.
Of course it did!
Billy can be a real jerk sometimes
and it makes me wanna scream.
To top it off his Bakugan is just as bad!
PREYAS: Oh really?
What is his Bakugan's name?
Um...
I think it was \"Cycloid\".
PREYAS: Interesting...
Tigrerra, do you know this \"Cycloid\"?
TIGRERRA: No. I don't know him.
DAN: How about you, Drago?
DRAGO: Yes.
A rather big fellow as I recall.
DAN: I'd sure like to throw down
and see who's tougher, huh Drago?
We could show 'em what a real team brawls like!
DRAGO: Yes... sounds great...
DAN: I gotta say Julie; you don't know what you're missing
not having a Bakugan you can talk to.
I'm sure you'll meet one any time now
and the two of you will get on famously!
I'm perfectly fine...
I'm happy just the way I am, thank you...
I don't need a talking Bakugan
to feel good about myself.
Well goodnight everybody - talk to ya later...!
The truth is...
I'm not \"perfectly fine\" at all.
Huh?
This is for you.
Wow!
Thank you so much Billy!
You and me are gonna be best friends forever,
I can just feel it!
Yeah!
[sigh]
I'm not too happy that I lost to Billy this afternoon.
Oh well...
BILLY: I met Cycloid...
...deep in the heart of Bakugan Valley!
Bakugan Valley?
I do have a day off tomorrow
and I suppose I could go to Bakugan Valley...
Like I said, I don't need a talking Bakugan
to feel good about myself...
But everyone else seems to have one, and I...
I think...
[scream]
Somebody get me out of here!
I hate this place!
I hate it I hate it !
I don't need a talking Bakugan!
Not if it means putting up with icky caves
and icky bats and icky bugs and other icky stuff!
Stay tuned for more Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers are back!
Battle on!
[sigh]
I wasted my entire day off
running around Bakugan Valley...
... and I have absolutely nothing to show for it.
Oh well...
I'm happy just the way I am...
I'm fine battling without a companion -
I don't need any talking Bakugan...
I'm fine...
just 'cause everyone else has one...
I'd sure like to throw down
and see who's tougher, huh Drago?
We could show 'em what a real team brawls like!
Yes...
sounds great...
But the... truth is...
I want to have a Bakugan to talk to
more than anything...
...More than anything in the world...!
[sobbing]
GOREM: Julie...
I'm here...
I'm here for you.
For me ...?
Like you, I have longed for a companion
with whom to share my joys and my sorrows...
I began to despair that it would ever come to be...
But finally a pure and sincere voice reached me...
Your voice!
I think I get it...
Until now I was not being honest with myself...
my voice wasn't pure and honest enough
to be heard by you...
But you were there...
Now that barrier that separated us is gone...
I feel as if I've known you for ages,
though we've only just met...
Yes!
It's like we're best friends already!
My name's Julie...
May I ask what your name is?
I am Subterra Gorem.
Subterra Gorem?
You can just call me Gorem.
Oh, Gorem...
Let's be friends for ever...
And ever and ever!
Sound good?
Sounds good.
JULIE: You're goin' down, Billy!
You gonna teach me another lesson today?
You're the one who never learns !
Well today you might find things
are a little different, Billy-boy...
Because...
I have finally found my \"Baku - partner\"!
Oh good!
you finally managed to find yourself
a talking Bakugan.
Well in that case...
It's time to Brawl!
All right !
It's show time!
Field... Open!
Gate Card S et !
Okay Julie...
time for the second inning.
Bakugan Brawl!
Hyenoid, Stand!
M y turn!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Tuskor, Stand!
BAKU-POD: Tuskor's power level: 350 Gs.
Ability Card Activate!
Nose Slap!
With this, he can reach out and attack the Bakugan
standing on the next card!
All right Tuskor, take him out!
Pretty good, Julie...
But not good enough !
Bakugan Brawl!
Wormquake, Stand!
BAKU-POD: Wormquake's power level: 340 Gs.
Ability Card Activate!
Sandtrap!
Come on, Tuskor's power level is 350 Gs...
You won't beat him with a lame attack like that !
Here's a little tidbit for ya...
Y'see, the cool thing about \"Sandtrap\"
is that it knocks down the opponent's power level...
check it!
BAKU-POD: Tuskor's power level decreased by 50 Gs.
Now Wormquake is stronger!
Please, help me Gorem!
I think I'm in real trouble here...
I need you... Help me !
Don't worry - I will do my very best to help you.
So then, where's this new Bakugan you were so proud of?
Okay, Gorem!
Show me your stuff!
Gorem, Stand!
Gorem...?
Oh no Gorem, what's the matter?
Did I do something wrong?
The time isn't right.
\"Not right\"?
What are you talking about?
Trust me.
Oh no!
Then what on earth am I gonna do ?
[laughing]
Huh?
Looks like it's my turn!
Gate Card Set!
Okay...
...batter up...
Bakugan Brawl!
Cycloid, Stand!
Ability Card Activate!
Stare Down!
You're in for it now!
With this ability,
my Bakugan can decrease the power level
of every Bakugan on every card
within the red border by 50 Gs.
Then I'll just add a card outside it!
How d'ya like that ?
Bakugan Brawl!
Manion, Stand!
Ability Card Activate!
Copycat!
\"Copycat\"?
Then that means you can...
That's right...
I can copy Wormquake's ability, \"Sandtrap\"
and use it against him!
Pretty good...
Now try this on for size!
Ability Card Activate!
Grand Slide !
BAKU-POD: Manion moved within \"Stare Down\" perimeter.
Manion power level decreased by 50 Gs.
Oh, nooo!
Get ready, cause this just might hurt !
No! Manion!
Okay.
I've waited long enough, Julie.
Time to meet this new Bakugan of yours...
I wanna new playmate!
JULIE: What should I do?
Gorem said to trust him and wait!
GOREM: Julie, I cannot bear to see you
tormented like this.
I told you I wanted to share
your joys and sorrows...
Gorem...
Julie, throw me in.
What?
But I can't risk losing my perfect match...
GOREM: Trust me.
The time is now.
But... I...
Don't worry...
Now that I've found you I won't abandon you.
Thank you so much, Gorem...
thank you for finding me...
I promise that I won't let you down either...
Thank you Julie.
Come on!
Okay, here goes...
Bakugan...
Brawl!
Heads up!
Gorem, Stand!
Wha...what is that ?
That... is Gorem!
He's...
Gi gan tic!
Oh Gorem!
You are incredible!
You are the best Bakugan a girl could hope for!
I don't know...
he doesn't look so tough...
I'll have him saying \"uncle\" in no time!
Well Cycloid...
let's see if you're right...
Ability Card Activate!
Mega Impact!
What's going on?
BAKU-POD: Gorem's power level increased by 50 Gs.
430 Gs?
No messing around, Cycloid.
We gotta take this guy out fast !
I hear ya big time on that...
Gate Card Open!
The \"Level Down\" Command card decreases power
by 100 Gs!
BAKU-POD: Gorem's power level reduced to 330 Gs.
Okay Cycloid, here's your chance!
The bigger they are the harder they fall!
JULIE: Gorem...!
I'll be fine Julie...
just watch...
Okay...
It's Hammer Time!
This is bad...
That shield is too strong and Cycloid' power level
goes down with every blow!
Oh oh...
BAKU-POD: Cycloid power level reduced to 270 Gs.
[loud yell]
What?
This is it Gorem!
Gorem you big beautiful Bakugan,
you did it, you did it!
[cheering]
Billy...?
Good job Julie...
you two battle well together!
Thank you...
I think Gorem and I are a perfect match
for each other!
Good job out there, Gorem.
You too, Cycloid...
Okay Cycloid, come on...
we need to start training!
I think we're gettin' soft!
And we can't have that now can we?
Gotta keep in tip top Brawlin' shape!
Yeah! See ya Julie!
See ya Billy!
I can't wait till we get to Battle each other again!
Hey everybody!
I'd like to introduce you to my new special friend...
his name is Gorem!
Wow Julie!
You finally found a talking Bakugan?
You bet I did!
Aw that's great!
I'm so happy for you!
PREYAS: Hi there Mr. Gorem.
I'm so pleased to meet you.
I'm Preyas, and this is Drago.
GOREM: \"Drag\" what ?
\"Drag- o \".
My Bakugan is called \"Tig \".
Say hello, Tig.
Tig ...??
Call me \"Tigrerra\".
Gorem, you have lots of friends now.
Isn't that great ?
Looks like you two are best friends.
You bet.
Gorem and I are the best friends
in the whole wide world...
isn't that right Gorem?
Not in front of people...
[all laughing]
TIGRERRA: Welcome aboard, Gorem.
Marucho here.
Coming up later on \"Bakugan Battle Brawlers\",
we all think that it would be a great idea to get
a little help from Shun, the Master of Ventus,
especially since things are really heating up
with Masquerade.
But for some crazy reason, Dan doesn't agree with us.
Then suddenly, Dan passes out!
Please come back and help us Shun!
What's that?
You will but only if we win?
Come on, Preyas...
I'm depending on you!
Bakugan Brawl!
Let's do this!